Add post setup form for collecting bucket info (#26794)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/guide/storage-monitoring-setup.md

#### Post-setup steps

> After completing the CloudFormation setup, fill out [this form][105] with the following required information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After completing the CloudFormation setup, fill out the [post-setup form][105] with the following required information:
```

#### Post-setup steps

> After completing the above steps, fill out [this form][205] with the following required information::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After completing the above steps, fill out the [post-setup form][205] with the following required information:
```
^ Note there is a double colon I fixed here too. 😄
